I brought her to me penal ology a
Keralite who moved to Liverpool 15 years
ago bina learn to cook back at home and
her pickles have become a family
favorite because are very popular in
India and each pickle is vicious
yeah it's a specialty of care lighting
have you tried any pickles before then
yes yeah pickled onions but nothing like
this when you're making a pickle at home
yeah essentially you can add as much
chili or as little as you like because I
don't like things too spicy I'll be
honest person typical not like it you
show this you know it's very spicy or
not spicy because it for that kick yeah
like everything else can be really
simple you can juice it you would plain
rice or plain bread and just the pickles
it's got to have enough to kind of carry
that meal mmm is this a bit like chutney
though yeah yes exactly
make a good sandwich this is careless
Vienna is going to show Lynn how to cook
an authentic fish pickle
I mean gross and you can see by the
amount of ginger gardening this is gonna
be one guy really full flavor this yeah
she's adding four full tablespoons of
pickle powder this says something you
can buy from local Indian stores but
Pina always makes her own from powdered
turmeric chili ice apetito fenugreek and
salt once that's mixed bina is adding
cubes of deep fried kingfish and one cup
of white wine vinegar that should really
give it an extra kick can you use any
other I have to say that looks like it's
a main course extremely appetizing yeah
and it's done normally you would need
this straight away it would need a few
weeks to marinate but Lynne and I are
dying to have a taste
you think it's really a spicy finish if
you keep for a few Albany do something
with it but being a little strong Wow
after I put the help petal in my mouth
this is in the water on the table always
more not other figure yeah yeah you know
do you do it the mainland China hmm but
the rest of the food was not so spicy
now this is the pickles in caralyn food
so it is a really strong flavor but
current visible is so strong which still
bears for me but the flavors are good
I'm happy you enjoy it